This is the final project for SQL class. 

Problem Statement
It is known that 2.5 quintillion bytes of data are generated every day in the world; 90% of which was generated in the last two years, with the growth rate accelerating every year. While data plays a pivotal role, many companies and organizations are not able to translate these data into actionable insights. By developing an effective database system, we can help those companies who are struggling with data to store, access, and analyze data in a more efficient way.
Since the beginning, as a small bed and breakfast in San Francisco, Airbnb has made heavy use of data science to build new product offerings, improve its service and capitalize on new marketing initiatives (Patel 2019). It is used to tackle diversity, improve search, determine host preference, and make predictions, among other things. It is therefore very important for Airbnb to be able to store this data in a way which will facilitate its use for the previously stated purposes. 
To tackle this problem, we sought to develop a structured and normalized relational database for Airbnb, using data for the listings in Berlin. Since Airbnb has now expanded its locations throughout the world, we hope that our design serves as a starting point for Airbnbs in other cities.

Proposal
	To address the issue stated above, it was important that we got familiar with the data that is currently being collected by Airbnb. It’s structure, quality, accuracy, quantity, and content. Given that we were hired by Airbnb Berlin, we decided that analyzing data on Airbnb listings, reviews, and calendar details for this city would be a good place to start. The data we proposed to use was scraped on November 7, 2018 and created by Murray Cox (Battendorf, 2019). It contained 22,552 listings and the attributes were distributed across six datasets. 
	Our proposal to Airbnb Berlin was to provide a database structure that would allow them to find a more accurate and standardized way of predicting the rental price for each neighborhood based on listing descriptions. Similarly, our design was made with the aim of identifying the busiest times of the year to visit Berlin as well as the dollar amount in price spikes during the busy seasons. Finally, given its strong interest in customer satisfaction, we wanted our database to be able to provide information to identify trends in reviews of Airbnbs users. This could potentially provide suggestions to the managerial team that could lead to respective trainings or feedback so that hosts can work on better ways to attract more customers.
